i learn that practice become master. i never realice that can be aplicable for pure knoledge material also. only try to recall reinforce? not only work for test? soung grats. sou, what i do to now that push my thoghts after read is work. (its not that we have a limit for recalls? and its even worst?) awesome. why the fact of syntetice and put in down in the margin work? below the arguments of the book obiusly. the difuse mode and the focus mode.
i am learning to much, i am exited. but, i can not evitate feel a litle bit disapointed because some thing are comun sense but i never put in practice. well, i guess that we always learn. interesting the fact that search for more context information can help you grasp the concept. (rembember, low the ego. i want to be the best i can, for that, all the help worth for me.
handwriting improve comprensition. theree point about effective learning. 1) read the ejercices without doinit is effective 1) the class are effective 2) the question are effective 3) ???.

the estructure is similar to the crativity recomendations.
avoid overlearning because 1) you have the rish of go autopilot 2) its not realistc test enviroment. (this infirietd on my own) 3) diferrents perspective help to grasp better the concept. mixed the task.
chunking is fundamental for learning. (conexion with ejercitation.)
(sou, its better to go to the class that actually learning in my own?? fuck, i dont want to doint because i thing it is superficial actually.)

en resumen, creatividad es fundamental para el apredisaje, el modo difuso la fomenta. los chunks, es decir, las conexiones, son importantes para eficiencia y para expandir comprension -transfer-. la practica los refuerza, es decir, ejercicios o recall. lectura superficial primero. hacer test evade la ilusion de competencia. no te subestimes, ni envidies a los genios. autodidacta ayuda eficiencia, imita al idolo.

